an indian style pasta or popularly known as desi pasta recipe is prepared with penne pasta with loads of spices to suit the indian taste buds. it is often prepared without cheese as compared to the traditional italian pasta recipes. moreover the indian style pasta recipe, does not require any ready pasta sauce recipe and can be prepared with tomato sauce and tomato puree.

a unique and fusion recipe between 2 popular cuisine i.e indian cuisine and italian cuisine. basically a desi or spicy twist to the authentic italian pasta recipe to meet the taste buds of spice lovers. it is an ideal lunch box / breakfast recipe or kids recipe too.

the recipe of indian style pasta masala is completely open ended and can be experimented with choice of veggies and sauces. for example the masala pasta recipe can be prepared with veggies like carrots, beans, peas, broccoli, snow pea and even sliced mushrooms. in addition with respect to sauces, indian style pasta can take plain tomato sauce, hot and sweet tomato ketchup, and even any choice of mayo recipes. i personally like the combination of mayo and plain tomato sauce which makes it tangy and creamy. i even sometime add chilli sauce to make it tangy and spicy combination masala pasta recipe. finally coming to spices, i have added red chilli powder, garam masala and some turmeric. it can be further extended with dry spices like cinnamon and bay leafs for more flavours.


while the recipe for masala pasta recipe is extremely simple, yet i would like to share some tips and recommendations for a perfect spicy indian pasta recipes. firstly, use pasta of your choice like penne, macaroni, farfalle, pipe or spaghetti. also i prefer to add tomato pulp, however you can also use canned tomato pulp or red pasta sauce. finally, adjust the amount of chilli powder depending on spice level. skip the chilli powder if serving for kids.
